README.md, before:

Module: Formal Verification (fverif)
===============================================================================

This is a learning module on Formal Verification.  It's aim is to give the 
students an understanding of what formal verification is, its uses and 
limitations in security.

The module is part of the [Open Security Education][OpenSecEd] project and the 
maintainer is [Daniel Bosk][Maintainer].  The latest release can be found under 
[releases][Releases].  You can safely link directly to the PDFs found there.

[OpenSecEd]: https://github.com/OpenSecEd
[Maintainer]: https://github.com/dbosk
[Releases]: https://github.com/OpenSecEd/appliedcrypto/releases


File Structure and Building
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*To build* the PDFs, after cloning the repository you must clone its required 
submodules:
```shell
$ git submodule update --recursive --init
```
Then you can go into the directory of the desired document and run `make`.
The source files are structured as follows:

- `intro` contains slides to give an introduction to formal verification.

In each directory the files are structured as follows:

- `<name>.tex` contains the main content.
- `aims.tex` is an itemized list of the intended learning outcomes, as such it 
  can be included in another document summarizing the list of intended learning 
  outcomes.
- `abstract.tex` is an abstract of the lecture, assignment, or similar, and 
  covers the required reading instructions, thus you can include these in 
  a study guide containing all reading instructions for the course.
- `<name>.bib` contains the bibliography entries, thus this file can be 
  included along with the reading instructions.


*To contribute*, please [fork the repository][ForkARepo], make your changes, 
commit them and then create a [pull request][PullRequest] in the original 
repository.

[ForkARepo]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
[PullRequest]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/

Commit message:

Updates root Makefile and README

README.md, after:

Module: Secure Protocols and Formal Verification (protocols)
===============================================================================

This is a learning module on Secure Protocols and Formal Verification.  Its aim 
is to give the students an understanding of what formal verification is, its 
uses and limitations in security.

*To contribute*, please [fork the repository][ForkARepo], make your changes, 
commit them and then create a [pull request][PullRequest] in the original 
repository.

[ForkARepo]: https://help.github.com/articles/fork-a-repo/
[PullRequest]: https://help.github.com/articles/using-pull-requests/

File Structure and Building
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

*To build* the PDFs, after cloning the repository you must clone its required 
submodules:
```shell
$ git submodule update --recursive --init
```
Then you can go into the directory of interest and run `make`. The source files 
are structured as follows:

- `<name>.tex` contains the main content.
- `abstract.tex` is an abstract of the lecture, assignment, or similar, and 
  covers the required reading instructions, thus you can include these in a 
  study guide containing all reading instructions for the course.
- `<name>.bib` contains the bibliography entries, thus this file can be 
  included along with the reading instructions.

You can run `make all` in the root of the repository to recursively build 
everything.
